Journal for Final Project
Serena Glick / sglick@pdx.edu / sgpdx (GitHub)

Friday Nov. 7
---
1.  Took handwritten notes on the requirements of the project
2.  Created sgpdx.github.io GitHub Pages site & repo
3.  Decided to go with a single page HTML file
4.  Decided to start with a base with my favorite exercise so far, the Bootstrap exercises.
    Found the exercise that nicely arranged boxes based on various screen sizes, Boostrap Exercise 03-Grid
    Copied over that completed exercise's HTML file and its associated CSS file
    One issue that came up is there were two styles.css files, so I decided to combine them into one
    My plan is to first make edits here, to outline all the 5 required sections and experiment with styles
    before filling in any details about the sections.

Sunday Nov 16
---
1.  Separated the boxes into sections required by the project
2.  Got logos for 2 organizations I'm most involved with (PSU & CSC)
3.  Did accessbility check and fixed errors & warnings
4.  Edited css styles a bit to find colors that had good contrast
5.  Added headings and text areas for each of the sections, 
    including list formatting for two of the sections
6.  Put some basic info in each section; will expand later

Tuesday Nov 18
---
1.  Added navbar and played around with associated .css settings
2.  Played around with the color scheme of the site
3.  Moved the icons to be in the resume section
4.  Added proper email "mailto:" functionality with a pre-defined subject and body
5.  For projects, added GitHub repo link and Github svg icon

Saturday Nov 22
---
1.  Made boxes longer
2.  Moved Contact section to the bottom, to have more elements in it
3.  Added headshot at top right with auto scaling for size
4.  Added details to "About" and "Resume" section via bullet points
5.  Added background image, and did WAVE to make sure there were no accessbility issues
    -   It had a contrast issue with my h1 name & position at the top, so I styled it to have 
        a solid box around it, in my signature colors of the pale yellow and blue
    -   I fear I have inadvertenly 'borrowed' IKEA's color scheme for my own site, which is the 
        website I've been investigating during the weekly discussion posts!

Tuesday Nov 25
---
1.  Tackled Firefox issue (CSS styles not showing up correctly).  It turns out it had an older 
    CSS file cached, and a hard refresh (on Mac: command-shift-R) worked.  Phew!
2.  Added modal as an "on the way to the contact form" button to prove humanness
3.  Added contact.html to do the contact form, based on the Spongebob exercise but editing
    the fields to be contact related (imaginging a recruiter reaching out)
4.  Updated CSS styles for the contact.html page based on the WAVE audit (low contract errors)
    and just visual appeal in general, to match my color scheme
5.  Tested out the form (it submits to my @pdx.edu email)

Monday Dec 01
---
1. Filled in "Projects" section and linked to personal GitHub Repository (not school one,
    though it contains my school projects from other classes)
2. In Checking the 'requirements' document for the project, I realized I needed to have a 
    separate .js file for the JavaScript elements. I considered moving my modal to a separate
    file, but in the class exercises it's embedded into the HTML and that's how the Bootstrap
    documentation presents code examples as well, so I decided "if it ain't broke, don't fix it"
    and to do a different javascript functionality and leave my modal code where it is.
3.  To address the .js file issue, I came across an idea about embedding a video via JavaScript,
     so I added another flex box with the title "for fun" and added video.js file to embed a 
     YouTube Video that would be a fun thing to end the project on.  I followed the tutorial
     from this site: 
     https://dev.to/juliafmorgado/automatically-embed-latest-youtube-videos-on-your-website-with-javascript-step-by-step-2i5e
4.  After following the tutorial, I realized it was for embedding multiple "latest" videos, and I just
    wanted to inbed a particular video, so I simplified the code to do that, just using the video id 
    that's found in the link of a YouTube Video
5.  Edited the padding on the nav bar so that it all fits on one line at the smallest width